Forget it, roll
Say so, Master Xiong
Aren't you afraid to offend Master Xiong?
Master Xiong has been unable to protect himself
The dynasty offended the Ye family
The Ye family ordered the banning of the dynasty
Who dares to come and the dynasty will fade from today
It's just a Ye family against other sea cucumber families
brother
Suddenly a group of people broke into the dynasty to do errands
Also drove away all the customers
They said they said they got the Ye family
End dynasty
What's all over
boss
It also became some families to navigate the night scene
Collectively served the dynasty
Go on like this
Let's just eat
Sorry.
I made you not have it?
Don't worry if I'm afraid of the industrialist
I won't earn you today.
I'll just say it
Bankrupt today
Not me.
It will only be your performance.